 

Hi, I am Anuja. I am a Data Enthusiast, specializing in data\business analysis and database design and management. In order to sate my thirst for knowledge, I have always enjoyed exploring various fields. As a philomathic child, I could never resist taking discarded electronic gadgets apart to understand their working and to try and get them functioning again. Once when I dismantled a broken Cathode Ray Tube in the hope of somehow fixing it, the structure of the motherboard captivated me. The intricate array awoke a taste in me for Integrated Circuitry and inspired me to enroll at St Francis Institute of Technology, affiliated to Mumbai University, for an undergraduate program in Electronics & Telecommunication Engineering. My undergraduate program also generated an affinity in me for application programming. My passion for data domain and problem solving inspired me to build a career in technology. I have over 4.5 years of professional experience creating data-driven solutions and business recommendations with 100% turnaround time and spearheading the support team to successfully deliver over 35 projects for client base across 9 countries. 

Leading a team of 50+ students to ensure the success of events like tech fests, workshops and seminars during my undergraduate days have developed my leadership skills, resulting in me being assigned as the offshore lead in Infosys Limited. I believe that my ability to bring out the best in people and listen to the needs of my teammates has helped me adapt to teamwork. Apart from my technical and management interests, I was an active member of Indian NGO- AIHRA (All India Human Rights Association) for five years through which I volunteered in many events like clean the city campaign, tree plantation, blood donation drives etc. I gain immense pleasure, pride and a sense of satisfaction by volunteering in these events. My main strengths are therefore my acuity, work experience, compassion and skills as a team player. 

I have several hobbies apart from my passion for technology. I am a big foodie, I love eating and cooking a variety of recipes. I specially love Indian cuisine  - Panipuri, Vada Pav, Paneer Masala, Biryani, Dhokla and Dal bati are few of my all time favourites.  I have passion for painting and drawing rangoli- a type of Indian art. I have also won a few cooking and rangoli competitions during my undergraduate days.
 

